---
layout: default
title: "snowing"
comments: true
---
## miles biked: 0
## brain dump
a good 3-inch white blanket covered Wilmington overnight and gave us a little piece of magic to wake up to. we enjoyed a quiet morning with Erika, the most excitement being the ladder falling over in the garage after a strong gust blew through (combination of the harsh winds + our poor insulation). we watched the snow, Stranger Things, & the cats, grateful for working heat.

I've been feeling a little anxious about what's left to be done in preparation for World Tour. thankfully, Protonmail has come out with their own version of Google Sheets, giving us a secure option for sharing tabular data. we took an inventory of the big things in the house & what to do with them. I was relieved to hear Feez is onboard with trying to sell most things. it turns out storage units aren't nearly as expensive as I thought, so I'm keeping an open mind about using one while we're away. the power of knowledge is strong when warding off fear-based thoughts. simple data really does help me feel more at ease. 

I was proud of myself for taking time to meditate (this was immediately succeeded by a nap), as well as being honest with myself about how I was feeling before a social event. I despise changing plans (distinct from plans changing on me) as one of my big fears is being unreliable. this afternoon, my head wasn't feeling great even after my usual go-tos of extra hydration, outside time, and deep breathing, so I let myself cancel plans, even though I was really looking forward to soup dumplings with new friends. now the hard part for me is staying engaged and making sure to follow up (taking a pause for a second now to do just that).

figma has been really fun for creating a visual calendar & making fun designs for invitations I'll probably never send. I'm enjoying creating for creation's sake rather than focusing on an audience for end products. I have curriculum development still in the back of my mind, but 2+ years will be plenty of time to float through different career thoughts.

## today's list: what I ate
- 2 snapdragon apples
- fish, potato, & ginger soup
- egg white omelette w/veggies
- stir-fried lotus root
- wood ear mushroom salad
- jasmine rice
- greek yogurt
- frozen berries
{% include custom-scripts.html %}
