---
layout: default
title: "playing"
comments: true
---

## miles biked: 0
## brain dump
social hurdles feel the toughest for me. 
Ariel asked me about how Charlotte is doing, and I felt sad that I wasn't sure. 
I've lost touch with her, and it's completely on me. 
she's invited me to a few events, and each time I've convinced myself that I just don't fit into her friend group anymore.
pretty silly thinking since she's invited me, I know. also me in my head trying to make the decision for her/mind read. 

I started to feel this way when I realized a lot of jokes were going over my head. 
I'm just not as plugged into a lot of internet culture as most folks my age are. 
growing up, I would get comments that I had an old soul. 
what it really was: I was a pretentious pick-me girl, posing as mature. 
sure yes, I truly do adore Billie Holiday, but I never gave pop music a real chance. 

anyway, back to what I can do about all this. 
I should just reach out and see how things go instead of predicting that I won't be able to connect. 
it doesn't matter that I don't completely understand the TikTok lingo; I can even make this a point of humor instead of feeling embarrassed.

## today's list: things I changed up from my default
- let myself just sit and play with the cats to start the day instead of rushing off to take care of something
- kept at some yardwork even when it felt overwhelming
- went inside once I stopped to appreciate that I had accomplished what I wanted to even though I had more energy
- let myself read past my self-imposed stopping time
- chose the comfier option I actually preferred instead of trying to prove myself
- after playing with friends, let myself play a video game solo

{% include custom-scripts.html %}
