---
layout: default
title: "scouting"
comments: true
---

## miles biked: 6.9
## brain dump
I met Char & Denise at Scout Cafe's holiday market. the coffee shop was bustling with locals eager to peruse crafts and get their shopping done. I was so amazed at the turnout & community atmostphere and especially charmed by the calm orchestration of owner Nick through it all. as Denise pointed out, his killer overalls told all. I felt so grateful for the opportunity to connect more with Char and to meet Denise on a deeper level as I'd only interacted with her briefly at Chomsky Day the Friday prior. she brings such a joyful, perceptive, & sharp-witted energy to a conversation, and I look forward to our future hangs involving soup. 

my toes were pretty frozen after moseying around in near freezing temps for a couple hours. the short ride back was a nice for slowly warming up the body before a cozy at-home tea session. we still have far too many blends to finish before we travel. anyone interested in some lemongrass or kumquat tea?

Feez put on Lawrence of Arabia (which we borrowed on a chilly walk to the library last week), but I struggled to get into it. the odd vocal timbres and lack of personal connection to the characters just weren't working for my hibernative mood today. I was familiar with the soundtrack, and it felt like a distant memory calling to me again when I heard it once more. 

begrudgingly, I caught up on just enough (Work) work to feel a little more organized, but not nearly enough to feel accomplished.
## today's list: winter get togethers
- cookies & cards - make sweet treats & write sweet words (family, friends, legislators)
- soup swap - enjoy a sampling of cozy broths of joy
- nostalgia watch - replay our fave shows or movies from childhood, popcorn mandatory
- brunch & goals - munch & talk about our aspirations for the coming quarter

{% include custom-scripts.html %}
