---
layout: default
title: "thanking"
comments: true
---
## miles biked: 0
## brain dump
it feels bittersweet to vacillate between bike touring & building a life here. when I lived at Clay's, I never expected to be staying long. I only allowed myself to keep a small number of items so I would be ready to go at any moment.

it took me a while to accept planting roots anywhere, and over the years it's often felt as though I've packed up and left just as I was getting started. when we went on our East Coast tour, we left behind the family that had stuck with us over COVID.

I'm getting a little deja vu from the prep we're doing for this upcoming trip. it's so nice to feel more secure with my relationships and environment here. I'm still committed to going, and I want to think more about how I'll make sure to keep in touch with folks at home.

I remember Mark sharing similar sentiments about the inner conflict of staying versus travelling, and it surprised me. I always assumed he just loved fishing so much and was ride or die every visit. it was a little comforting to know someone so dedicated to their craft also grappled with the push & pull, the allure of adventure versus the cultivation of community. nonetheless, we go.

biking has always been a symbol of freedom for me. growing up in an overprotective household, it's kind of a miracle my parents ever bought me a bicycle at all. I would often escape on the bike whenever I was stressed or upset, a tradition that would carry me through university night rides on S College Avenue and beyond. moonlight riding felt exhilirating but lonely. 

now, rides are utility, social, or adventure. it occurs to me that I haven't even considered a night excursion of sulking for about a decade. 

## today's list: baked goods for the cookie boxes this year
- cheese straws
- pandan buns
- biscotti
- gingersnaps

{% include custom-scripts.html %}
